# **ros_tcp_comm**
> Authors: Joseph Neidigh and Nicholas McCullough
> Advisor: Dr. Nathan Sprague
> Created: April 21st, 2016
> Associated with James Madison University of Harrisonburg, Virginia

A ROS package to establish easy communications between different hosts by sending sharing designated topics.
----------

Follow the steps below to create the server and client nodes to establish the connection.
----------
-------------
**Receiver**

 1. Import the appropriate message type. This should match the message type that is being used by the originating topic in 'Sender'.
 2. Set up a publisher to publish the message after it has been received over the TCP connection. The second argument should match the message type that was imported in Step 1.
 3. Create a message of the type imported in Step 1.
 4. Assign the received data to the appropriate field of the message created in Step 3. In this example the information being transfered across the network is the 'data' field of the std_msgs/String message.

----------


**Sender**

 1. Import the appropriate message type. This should match the message type that is being published to the topic to be sent. In this example the topic to be sent is a simple topic that publishes a std_msgs/String message. This topic can be generated by running the following command in a terminal after the ROS core is already running: 'rostopic pub /topic_to_send std_msgs/String "Hello World" -r 1 &'
 2. Set up a subscriber to receive the messages from the original topic. The second argument should match the message type that was imported in Step 1. The messages will be sent to the receiver in the callback method passed as the third argument.
 3. Pass the desired field of the message received by the callback into 'pickle.dumps()'. Entire messages cannot be sent but fields consisting of primitive data types can be.

----------

